# tiler 0.2.3

* Minor fixes for CRAN release.

# tiler 0.2.2

* Breaking change: no longer using a `format` argument. All tiles are TMS.
* Updated `gdal2tiles` to version 2.4 release.
* Bug fix.
* Updated documentation.

# tiler 0.2.1

* Improved and simplified instructions and expectations for Windows use. Windows users must add `OSGeo4W.bat` path to system path.
* Added `leaflet` examples of remotely hosted tiles generated by `tiler` to vignette.
* Bug fix related to system path to `OSGeo4W.bat` being ignored on Windows.

# tiler 0.2.0

* All three `gdal2tiles*` scripts have been updated to accept a command line argument when called by R that provides a path for any temporary files, i.e., `tmp.*.vrt` files created by the `gdal2tiles*` scripts. These were previously accumulating in the system temp folder. The new temporary directory is a sub-directory inside `tempdir()`. Therefore, it is cleaned up when exiting R. Nevertheless, `tile` also force deletes this subdirectory immediately after its internal system call to one of the `gdal2tiles*` scripts returns, so the temporary sub-directory does not even exist for the full duration of the `tile` call.
* Added functions `tile_viewer` and `view_tiles` and other supporting functions for generating HTML Leaflet tile preview web page.
* Added arguments to `tile`. `tile` now generates previewer by default.
* Added unit tests.
* Updated vignette.

# tiler 0.1.6

* Made minor formatting changes per CRAN request for resubmission.

# tiler 0.1.5

* Refactored `tile`, added arguments including `resume` and `format`, changed some argument names.
* Added default support for XYZ format tiles in addition to TMS. This brings in another version of `gdal2tiles`.
* Updated documentation.
* Added unit tests.

# tiler 0.1.0

* Created `tile` function for generating map tiles from geographic or non-geographic maps/images.
* Created readme with basic example.
* Added initial introduction vignette.
* Added robust unit tests and other external examples and spot testing of edge cases.

# tiler 0.0.0.9000

* Added initial package scaffolding.
